I started to dare to move him out of the way
People who dare to touch me
Don't want to live?
Yeah.
I told you to wait for my sister to pick you up
You have to be strong yourself
Fortunately, I arrived in time.
Brat, I'm here
You don't want to live anymore
Since you don't know each other, don't worry.
Come tell him who I am, who are you?
Hahaha, that's interesting.
You don't know each other.
The world doesn't know me today
Neurovalidator
When they all get together
Hey
My Yuncheng down payment daughter is blocked outside
Stop pretending with your fake bracelet. Enough, bro.
Really and this cat paw
God's spreading neuropathy is together
I am Shen Yanzhen
He is my wife and the mistress of the Shen family
Get out of the way
Don't be in a hurry, my people haven't arrived yet.
It won't end well in a while.
What are you afraid of? These are all my people
Since we have obtained the certificate
I should have given you the money from the female head of the Shen family
Bu Jingxin, I sold you 500,000 before
You used it to act for this little white face to accompany you
Right huh
You are so good
Hello Chen, are you blind?
Just wear this dress
You haven't sold bricks for ten years
You are poor
You really think of yourself as Third Master Shen
I'll say it again.
I am Shen Yanzhen
Stop blowing
He will be exposed in front of the Shen family
How ugly is it?
Just chase him
If he were Third Master Shen, I would still be Third Master Shen's father
What should Zhang Cheng do?
Just you trash
You are eligible for a salary at the banquet
But there are little white faces who spend women's money
Hand it over to the questioning assistant Zhang
I don't want to live anymore
Zhang Cheng is my assistant
He listens to me. Do you hear me?
The customer questions Assistant Zhang
Pull him out now, don't worry
Whose family am I protecting and dare not do anything to you?
I'm going to ask someone who should be called
Sorry, Mr. Ye.
Solve the problem and ask someone to call Shen Yun.
Why don't you go in first?
I'm going to get these two psychopaths out of here.
Make it clean
Stop loving constipation
Hey what are you doing, continue
rush